title,description,text,date,language
Costco: Consider Taking Profits As Demand Mean Reverts,"Costco has benefited from the current macroeconomic tailwinds. Yet, most of the company's growth for the year appears priced in. Here's why you should consider taking profits or scaling out.","YvanDube/iStock Unreleased via Getty Images
Introduction
 Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ: COST), is a large-cap company in the Consumer Staples Sector, and to a degree Consumer Discretionary … [+12427 chars]",2021-07-05,en
American Families Struggle To Cope With Inflation Egged On By Biden’s Policies,"For Sandra Salave'a, a chef, wife, and mother of two boys, climbing costs due to government-induced inflation affect every part of her life.","American families are struggling to cope with inflation egged on by President Joe Biden’s willingness to pump government cash into the economy.
While the White House is busy creating social media gr… [+5896 chars]",2021-07-22,en
"Another week, another record high for N.L. gas prices","For the second consecutive week, the price of gasoline moved into record-setting territory across Newfoundland and Labrador. The Public Utilities Board, which regulates prices across the province, allowed a 1.4-cent increase on all grades of gas in its weekly…","Customers lined up in long queues last week at the Costco gas pumps in St. John's, ahead of a widely anticipated hike in prices. (John Gushue/CBC - image credit)
For the second consecutive week, the… [+1777 chars]",2021-07-08,en
'Trillion-dollar man' Dan Peña breaks down the 4 risks he says will soon result in a massive stock-market crash — and shares how investors can protect themselves,"Summary List PlacementThe crash of all crashes is on its way, according to the prominent businessman Dan Peña, who's been betting on a strong stock-market correction for the past few months.
Peña, a Wall Street veteran, oil tycoon, and longtime investor, said…","The crash of all crashes is on its way, according to the prominent businessman Dan Peña, who's been betting on a strong stock-market correction for the past few months.
Peña, a Wall Street veteran, … [+4821 chars]",2021-07-12,en
'Shrinkflation' strikes shoppers across the country: Companies faced with rising costs are downsizing packages without reducing prices in stealthy move to hit consumers in the wallet,"As companies face higher costs for raw materials, some are jacking up prices for consumers, but others are resorting to a stealthier measure by shrinking the package sizes for everyday items such as paper towels and breakfast cereal.","As companies face higher costs for raw materials, some are jacking up prices for consumers, but others are resorting to a stealthier measure by shrinking the package sizes for everyday items such as … [+8154 chars]",2021-07-24,en
Big Business Loves Big Government,"Politicians say they pass laws to ""protect Americans from big business."" People like hearing that. Many don't like big business. Unfortunately, most people don't realize that those laws often help big business while hurting consumers. ""Big business and big go…","Skip to comments.
Big Business Loves Big GovernmentTownhall.com ^
 | July 7, 2021
 | John Stossel
Posted on 07/07/2021 2:53:39 AM PDT by Kaslin
Politicians say they pass laws to ""protect America… [+4683 chars]",2021-07-07,en
Private Developer Brings Attainable Housing to Naperville,"NORTHBROOK, Ill., July 16, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- The Vantage Naperville, Illinois is home to a bold new experiment in attainable housing, which provides a model for communities across the United States. The Vantage Apartments, developed by MZ Capital Partners,…","""This place is really special and unique,"" notes Michael H. Zaransky, founder and managing principal of MZ Capital Partners. ""It's the first suburban experiment with this type of product."" Built on t… [+11632 chars]",2021-07-16,en
"Understanding Alibaba, Why It's Better Than Amazon?",Alibaba is entirely misunderstood by most investors. It is more an ecosystem than a company as I shall explain. Learn why BABA stock is better than Amazon.,"maybefalse/iStock Unreleased via Getty Images
Introduction
 Everyone knows the name Alibaba (NYSE:BABA), but very few actually appreciate what lies beneath the name. As an investor, until you appre… [+32042 chars]",2021-07-18,en
The De-FAAMGing: The New Tech Antitrust Push,"The Antitrust Subcommittee of the House Judiciary Committee is out with a suite of five bills aimed squarely at FAAMG — Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Microsoft and Google. What's the impact?","Win McNamee/Getty Images News
Both Sides The Aisle
 For a long time, there has been a growing sense on both sides of the aisle in Congress that “we have to do something about Big Tech.” That someth… [+26570 chars]",2021-06-28,en
